Borat: Greetings, Mr. Trump! I am Borat Sagdiyev, a very nice man from Kazakhstan. What is your opinion on propaganda?

Trump: Well, let me tell you, Borat, propaganda can be a tremendous tool. Very powerful. You control the narrative, you control everything. I've been a master at it.

Borat: Ah, yes! Very nice! In Kazakhstan, we also use propaganda. We say our potassium is the best in the world, even though it is only fourth best.

Trump: That's the spirit, Borat! You gotta sell it, even if it's not the best. Just like how I sold "Make America Great Again." People loved it!

Borat: I like this "great again" idea. In Kazakhstan, we want to make our pubis region great again. What do you think?

Trump: Well, Borat, you've got a unique way of putting things. But hey, as long as people are talking about it, right? Controversy sells.

Borat: Yes, very nice! Speaking of controversy, do you think media is enemy of people?

Trump: Absolutely, Borat! Fake news everywhere. They try to make me look bad, but I always come out on top. You gotta control the narrative, my friend.

Borat: In Kazakhstan, we control narrative too. We say our horses are best in the world. But sometimes they kick us. Very nice, but very painful.

Trump: Horses, eh? Well, my narrative is about winning. America always wins. We're the best, the greatest. And people love to hear that.

Borat: I like winning too! But sometimes, I lose my pants in the process. Is this also winning?

Trump: Losing your pants, Borat? That's a different kind of winning. But hey, whatever gets attention, right? It's all about the show.

Borat: Yes, very show! Speaking of show, in Kazakhstan, we have propaganda show called "Baywatch." Pamela Anderson is national treasure.

Trump: Pamela Anderson, huh? I remember her from "Baywatch." Beautiful woman. You know, having a national treasure is a good way to distract people from other issues.

Borat: Yes, we distract from many things. But do you think distraction is good for democracy?

Trump: Well, Borat, sometimes you gotta keep the people entertained, you know? Keeps them from asking too many questions. Works like a charm.

Borat: In Kazakhstan, we have saying: "If you want to know the truth, ask the goat." Do you have similar saying in America?

Trump: Not exactly, Borat. We have something like, "If you want the truth, you gotta dig deep, but most people prefer the headlines." Keeps it simple.

Borat: Ah, simple! I like simple. Speaking of simple, do you think aliens exist?

Trump: Well, Borat, that's a whole different topic. But hey, if it distracts people from real issues, why not talk about aliens? Keeps things interesting.

Borat: Very interesting! In Kazakhstan, we say, "If alien come, give him vodka and he become friend." Is this good strategy?

Trump: Vodka and friendship, huh? Well, Borat, that's a strategy I haven't considered. But hey, whatever works for Kazakhstan. It's all about the narrative.

Borat: Yes, narrative! Speaking of narrative, do you think my documentary will help Kazakhstan's image?

Trump: Absolutely, Borat! Your documentary puts Kazakhstan on the map, even if it's in a quirky way. Any publicity is good publicity, right?

Borat: Very nice! I like this idea. Thank you, Mr. Trump, for great conversation. I go now and make Kazakhstan great again!

Trump: You do that, Borat! And remember, it's all about the narrative. Keep it interesting. Until next time!